jsecrest_agc2

Jennifer Secrest, AnneMarie Caballero, Assignment 4

---

Jennifer Secrest's Contribution:

We partner coded this entire assignment, either switching off who was
coding what when coding together or live sharing over VSCode. When
working on transforming the HTML documents to bootstrap, AnneMarie
and I both took on different documents (and I, for eample, expanded
our header html into different files depending on the page). We then
went through and coded the automatic page state updating together.
This assignment involved a lot of coding and debugging together at the
same time.

AnneMarie Caballero's Contribution:

As Jen mentioned, we partner coded the assignment, often through Zoom
as Jen had a traael swim meet. When transforming HTML elements to
Bootstrap, we each took turns taking the lead on coding. For example,
I converted the searchform.html file and the class.table.html file.
We coded the page updating together. We also did style checks
and debugged together. The only part we did separately was
testing because as Jen was travelling, we split up the work of testing.
For example, Jen made a checklist of all of the situations to test
for, and I ran some of those situations. However, both of us
also contributed by running our own tests.

Help received from other people:

We consulted Ed (including asking a question), and also sent
an email to the course staff. However, other than that and
consulting the resources on the COS 333 website, we did
not receive help from others.

Sources of information:

We used the information provided on the course website
(especially the index.html file from the PennyBootstrap
and the index.html from PennyJQuery). However, from outside
materials, we only had two sources to cite:

To find out how to create a Bootstrap striped table:

- https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap4/bootstrap_tables.asp
  To learn how to set the placeholders in HTML:
- https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_form_attributes.asp

Time spent on the assignment: 5-8

Assessment of assignment:

Jennifer Secrest: I thought this was a GREAT assignment! It built perfectly
off of our last one and it was great to get the background knowledge of HTML
and then see how much the use of Bootstrap can affect the effeciency of the
code.

AnneMarie Caballero: I thought this assignment was really well-done. It
really allowed me to enhance my understanding of Bootstrap and JQuery
without having to replicate any of the work on earlier covered topics.
All of the assignments have built well off of each other, and I've really
enjoyed seeing how our application has evolved over time.

No known bugs.
